youtube.com/live/BxmNYQiUzxE?s
President Trump is fixing 40 years of failed bipartisan consensus that has sold out American workers time and again.   This administration is reigniting American man
A lot of people think I'm going to get the top again this cycle bc I got it in April 21, and Nov 21 as well as the lows  However, I think this time I won't. and I dont think most people should try to call it. It doesn't matter. I have absolutely had
If we get it, would love to just have spot bids between 70-76k area where we could see some capitulation. I think regardless, those will end up being great bu
Unpopular opinion but $btc is as likely to double just as is any stock at this point  It doesn’t take away its value or change the amazing asset that it is.   But we certainly a
$SOL by marketcap and by price   You could call it a pretty successful run up I think  It
A lot of people think I'm going to get the top again this cycle bc I got it in April 21, and Nov 21 as well as the lows  However, I think this time I won't. and I dont think most people should try to call it. It doesn't matter. I have absolutely had 
Isn’t canadas economy the size of a small rural American city? Whats the point of this
If New York, Connecticut, and New England had their Pipelines, savings from Heating alone would go down $2,300 per family — When you add Air Conditioning, and other things, you would have a $5,000 savings per family. All we need is a simple approval from New York. Every other State in New England, plus Connecticut, wants this, in order to help the Environment, and save BIG money. We only need the final approval from New York State, whose people all want it. Otherwise, we’ll have to use other authorities. New York State has held up this project for many years, but we won’t let that happen any longer. We will use federal approval! If New York, Connecticut, and New England had their Pipelines, savings from Heating alone would go down $2,300 per family — When you add Air Conditioning, and other things, you would have a $5,000 savings per family. All we need is a simple approval from New York. Every other State in New England, plus Connecticut, wants this, in order to help the Environment, and save BIG money. We only need the final approval from New York State, whose people all want it. Otherwise, we’ll have to use other authorities. New York State has held up this project for many years, but we won’t let that happen any longer.
My family has always fought for American freedom, and that includes taking that fight to the financial system. The World Liberty Financial whitelist is officially open for eligible persons. Help build a system that truly works for the people.  worldlibertyfinancial.com My family has always fought for American freedom, and that includes taking that fight to the financial system. The World Liberty Financial whitelist is officially open for eligible persons. Help build a system that truly works for the people.  worldlibertyfinancial.com World Liberty Financial - The Only Crypto DeFi Platform supported by Donald J. Trump Discover World Liberty Financial, the cutting-edge DeFi platform supported by Donald J. Trump. Connecting you with decentralized finance's best tools for secure, high-yield
A lot of people think I'm going to get the top again this cycle bc I got it in April 21, and Nov 21 as well as the lows  However, I think this time I won't. and I dont think most people should try to call it. It doesn't matter. I have absolutely had 
